Privacy Statement (Last Updated: November 27, 2023)
Written by: Steven Macaluso

Transitwise ("we" or "us") recognizes privacy is important to you as a viewer/customer of our website. This Privacy Statement explains how we collect, use, and disclose personal information when you use our website, and your rights in determining what we do with your information that we collect and/or hold.

This Privacy Statement covers how and what information we collect and when and with whom we share such information.

LAWFUL BASES FOR PROCESSING

We will collect personal information from you only when one of the following lawful bases applies:

- Consent: this means we will process your personal information when you have given your consent to do so
- Legal obligation: this means we will process your personal information when we have a legal obligation to collect personal information, including but not limited to using transaction history to complete our financial and tax obligations under the law.
- Performance of a contract: this means that we will process your personal information where the personal information is necessary to perform a contract with you. Examples include processing payments and creating an account at your request.

CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE AND PURPOSES OF COLLECTION AND USAGE

We collect personal information for the following purposes:

(1) Platform Usage and Booking Purposes:

This includes enabling your booking, verifying identity, travel insurance purposes, book the requested travel, provide services related to your account or booking, create, maintain, and update user accocunts on our platform, authenticate you as a user, maintain search and travel history, and enable and facilitate processing of transactions

(2) Communications and Customer Service Purposes

This includes responding to questions, requests, and processing information choices, enable communication between you and the supplier, and contact you to provide information such as reservation confirmations, emergency notifications, or updates of any kind regarding your bookings or usage of the site.

(3) Marketing Purposes

This includes contacting you for marketing purposes, analyzing information such as browsing or purchase history to optimize marketing, and measure/analyze the effectiveness of our marketing.

(4) Security and Compliance Purposes

This includes promoting security, verifying identity of our customers, preventing and investigating fraud and unauthorized activities, defend against claims and other liabilities, manage other risks, comply with applicable laws, protect the rights of ourselves and our user's, defend ourselves, respond to law enforcement, other legal authorities, requests that are part of a legal process, comply with applicable security and anti-terrorism, anti-bribery, customs and immigration, and other such due diligence laws and requirements.

SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

We share your personal information with Transitwise employees, third-party service providers, travel suppliers, business partners and offers, recipients in relation to our legal rights and obligations, recipientsAC in relations to corporate transactions, advertising partners.

JOINT USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

We are joint controllers and jointly use your personal information processed from the categories identified in "CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE AND PURPOSES OF COLLECTION AND USAGE." Transitiwse is partly responsible for managing your personal information. In the pursuit of more information regarding this joint use, contact Transitwise.

YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES

You have certain rights and choices with respect to your personal information. If we are processing your personal information on the basis of consent, you may contact us to withdraw consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing that occurred prior to the withdraw of consent. Also, it will not affect processing of your personal information that is conducted in reliance on a legal basis other than consent.

Certain countries and regions provide their residents with additional rights relating to personal information. Any additional right applicable for you will be abided by. Please contact us with any requests or concerns regarding additional rights.

For any questions about privacy, your rights and choices, and in order for you to update or amend personal information, or inquire about the deletion of information, please contact us.

You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. We encourage you to contact us first so we can attempt to resolve your concern ourselves.

SECURITY

Transitwise is committed to taking appropriate steps to protect the information we collect. While no company can guarantee absolute security, we enact appropriate precautions to protect the personal information we collect and use. We have proper cybersecurity precautions to protect personal information stored in our databases, as well as precautions in the coding of our website in order to protect against any form of hacking.

In the event of a data security breach that may affect you, you will be notified in accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations. If required by applicable laws and regulations, we will report the incident to the proper authorities.

INFORMATION REGARDING USAGE OF THE SITE BY MINORS

Our website is not directed at minors. We cannot distinguish the age of persons who access and use the site. If a minor has provided us with personal information with parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us. If we become aware of personal information being collected from a minor without the consent of a guardian, we will terminate the minor's account.

The circumstances in which we may need to collect information of minors includes: as part of a reservation and purchase of services.

RETAINING RECORD

We will retain your personal information in accordance with applicable laws, for as long as we deem relevant to fulfill purposes set forth by this Privacy Statement (unless a longer retention period is required by law). Retention of information will continue as long as you have an open account with us or recent transactions made on our platform, when we have a legal obligation related to your personal information, when your information is needed for secure backups of our systems.

UPDATES TO STATEMENT

We may need to update this Privacy Statement in response to changing laws or developments in the Transitwise business or website. You can see when this Privacy Statement was last updated by checking the "last updated" date shown at the top of the Privacy Statement.