Transitwise Terms, Conditions, Statements, Notices
Written by: Steven Macaluso

AGREEMENT BETWEEN CUSTOMER AND TRANSITWISE

Welcome to Transitwise. Transitwise is served to assist customers in gathering information on air travel, determining the availability of travel-related goods and services, making authentic airline ticket purchases, and for no other purposes. The terms "we," "us," "our," and "Transitwise" refer to the Transitwise team and website. The term "you" refers to the customer visiting the website and/or making a purchase through the website.

It is required you accept all the terms, notices, and conditions stated in this document, without modification, in order for you to utilize this website. By accessing and/or using this website in any manner, you agree to be bound by this agreement. This agreement shall apply to all services and transactions provided by, or performed through this website. Please do not use this website or make purchases through this website if you do not accept all of these terms and conditions. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify this agreement without prior notice, and your continued access or use of this website signifies your acceptance of the updated/modified agreement. Please read the agreement carefully and return to this page periodically to review the most current version of the agreement.

USE OF THIS WEBSITE

As a requirement to use this website, you justify that:
(i) you are at least 18 years of age
(ii) you possess the legal authority to create a binding legal obligation
(iii) you will use this website in accordance with the terms and conditions stated in this agreement
(iv) you will only use this website to make authentic purchases for you or another person you are legally authorized to act on behalf of
(v) you will inform such other persons about the terms and conditions that apply to purchases made on their behalf, including all applicable restrictions and regulations.
(vi) all information supplied by you on this website is factual, accurate, current and complete
(vii) if you have a Transitwise account, you will be completely responsible for any use of your account by you and anyone other than you.
We retain the right to deny access of this website and services we offer to anyone, at any time, and for any reason, including, but not limited to violating this agreement.

PROHIBITED ACTIVITES

All the content and information on this website, as well as the infrastructure used to provide such content and information, is owned by us or our suppliers and providers. You are permitted to make limited copies of your travel itinerary (and related documents) for travel booked through this website. However, you agree not to otherwise modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell/re-sell any information, software, products, or services obtained through this website without explicit permission from us. Furthermore, you agree not to:

(i) use this website or its contents for any commercial purpose
(ii) make any false or fraudulent purchases
(iii) make any speculative purchases in anticipation of demand
(iv) access, monitor, or copy any content or information of this website using any automated or manual 	process without our explicit permission.
(v) bypass measures implemented to prevent or limit access to this website
(vi) take any action that we deem imposes, or may impose, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure
(vii) incorporate any part of this website into any other website without our prior explicit permission

SUPPLIER RULES AND RESTRICTIONS

You agree to abide by the terms and condition of purchase supplied and enforced by any supplier who you choose to do business with through Transitwise, including but not limited to, compliance with the supplier's regulations and restrictions regarding their services, and payment of all amounts when due. You acknowledge that third-party providers may require you to sign their liability waiver for particular services they offer. You acknowledge that any violation of any supplier's terms and conditions may result in cancellations of reservations, forfeiting the cost of the reservation, and/or debiting your account for any costs we incur as a result of the violation.

FARES AND PRICES

You understand and agree that your credit card will be charged by Transitwise or the supplier(s) with which your reservation is made for the total booking price of the travel service in full at the time of the booking. This includes the price displayed on the website as well as tax recovery charges and service fees.

Airfare is only guaranteed once the purchase has been completed and tickets have been issues. Be aware that travel suppliers may change their prices without notice.

PRIVACY POLICY

Please click here to review our current Privacy Policy, which governs your use of the Website as well.

TRAVEL DESTINATIONS

Be aware that travel to certain destinations may involve greater risk than others. Please review travel prohibitions, warnings, announcements, and advisories issued by Transitwise, the supplier, or the governing body of your destination.

By offering for sale travel to particular international destinations, Transitwise does not represent or warrant that travel to such points is without risk or advisable, and Transitwise is not liable for damages or losses tha may result from travel to such destinations.

LIABILITY DISCLAIMER

The information and services published and provided by this website may contain inaccuracies or error. Transitwise does not guarantee the accuracy of information and/or services published on the site, and therefore disclaims all liability for any such errors. Furthermore, Transitwise reserves the right to correct any errors on our site. If any error affects a reservation you have made, we will offer you the opportunity to keep your reservation at the correct price or cancel without penalty if these options are available.

Transitwise and its suppliers make no guarantees about the availability of specific services. Transitwise may make changes or improvements to the Transitiwse website at any time, and for any reason.

Transitwise and its suppliers make no representations about the suitability of the information and services provided on the Transitwise website for any purpose whatsoever, and the inclusion and offering of services does not constitute our endorsement or recommendation of these services. Services provided by Transitwise are provided without warranty of any kind. Transitwise disclaims all warranties and conditions related to the products sold and services provided by the website.

The airline suppliers providing travel or other services on this website are independent contractors and not agents or employees of Transitwise. Transitwise is not liable for the actions of any such supplier for any reason whatsoever. Transitwise has no liability and will make no refund in the event of any delay, cancellation, overbooking, strike, or any other cause beyond their direct control. Transitwise will also have no responsibility for any additional expense, omission, delay, re-routing, or acts of any government or authority.

In no circumstance will Transitwise by liable for any damages arising out of, or in any way connected with, your access or use of this website, or with the delay or inability to access this website.

LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES

The Transitwise website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by other parties. We are not responsible for the contents, privacy, or practices of these other websites. We do not control such websites. It is up to you to take precautions to determine that the links you select or the content you download is free of any items of destructive nature. Our inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not implicate any endorsement of the material contained on these sites, or any association with the operators of these websites.

BANK AND CREDIT CARD FEES

Particular banks and credit card companies impose additional fees for international transitions. If you are making a reservation from outside the United States on a US credit card, your bank may convent the payment amount to you local currency and charge you an additional fee for the conversion. This means the amount listed on your bank or credit card statement may differ from the figure shown on the receipt page of the website. Furthermore, a foreign transaction fee may be imposed if the bank that issues your credit card is located outside of the United States. Booking an international flight may be considered an international transaction by the bank of credit card company, since Transitwise may pass on your payment to an international travel supplier. These fees listed above are determined exclusively by your bank on the day that they process the transaction. Any questions or concerns regarding these fees or rates should be addressed with your bank.

CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT

If you believe that material hosted by Transitwise infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a written notice that includes the information below:

(i) Clear identification of the copyrighted work you claim was infringed.
(ii) Clear identification of the material you believe is infringing the work you identified, as well as a link or other information that will allow us to locate the material.
(iii) Your contact information in order for us to reply.
(iv) A statement that you have a "good faith belief that the material that is claimed as copyright infringement is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law."
(v) A statement that "the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."
(vi) The notice must be signed by the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyrighted material that is claimed to be infringed, or by the owner personally.

GENERAL

Transitwise is operated by a United States entity, and this agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York, USA. In all disputes arising out of the usage of this site, or relating to the usage of this site, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States, and New York State judicial systems. Use of this website is prohibited in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions.

Nothing contained in this agreement, and our performance of this agreements, limits our right to comply with law enforcement and other governmental or legal requests/requirements relating to your use of this website or information provided to or collected by Transitwise with respect to such use. You agree, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to bring any claim or cause of action arising from or relating to your access/use of this website within two (2) years from the date of which such claim or action occurred, or this claim/action will be irrevocably waived.

If any part of this agreement is found to be false, illegal, or unable to be enforced, the remaining provisions will not in any way be impaired. The speed in which we enforce any provision of this agreement, or the failure to enforce anhy provision of this agreement, at any time, does not waive our right to enfore the same, or any other provision(s) in the future.

This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Transitwise, with respect to this website. This agreement supersedes all prior communications and/or proposals with respect to this website. A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or adminsitrative proceedings, and is subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originating in printed form.

Ficticious names of products, people, characters, companies, and/or data mentioned on this website are not intended to represent any real individual, company, product, or event.

Any rights not expressly granted in this document are reserved.